How is diffuse reflection produced by ambient light (in addition to point source light)?
Why does the angle of illumination (as opposed to the angle of viewing) help distinguish chrome from silver?

12.  Texture is LEAST appropriately achieved by (A)
       1. micropolygonization of the surface
       2. applying surface patterns
       3. altering surface normals
       4. altering reflection coefficients

What does it mean to "provide" shadows?
Why does it make no difference whether shadows are provided in world or viewing coords?

18..19.  Suppose a pixel actually consists of a 3 x 3 array of subpixels, each of which consists of a red, green, and blue component which either is on or off.  What is the maximum number of ways in which a color could be achieved? (D)
        1.  just one
        2. 8 or 9
        3. more than 9, but less than 1000
        4. 1000 or more

Dithering is not characterized best as "making slight shifts in vertex positions to achieve surface planarity".  Supposing that statement were true, what does it mean?

21.  Constant intensity for a surface (sometimes achieved by treating incoming light rays as being parallel) is a computational convenience, but never produces a result which appears realistic. (False)
       1. true
       2. false

How is ray tracing compatible with antialiasing (surface boundaries)?

Why does the sun often appear to be yellow?

Why would you say that the colors used in screen phosphors do not represent “extremes” of the chromaticity diagram?

Are there an infinite set of "primary colors"?  Or just RGB + CMY?

What is halftoning?

How many colors can a 3x3 grid of pixels, each with the possibility of being RGB or off, produce?

When does a constant surface intensity produce realistic shading? ("sometimes")

10. Generally, ray tracing deals with _______ and radiosity deals with _______. (B)
       1. specular intensities, specular intensities
       2. specular intensities, diffuse interreflection
       3. diffuse interreflection, specular intensities
       4. diffuse interreflection, diffuse interreflection
       5. specular intensities and diffuse interreflection, specular intensities and diffuse interreflection

How many "discrete" colors does the EM spectrum contain?

27. In general, the greater the number of different colors, the “richer” (in information content) the visual presentation. (False)
       1. true
       2. false
